##Lab Log - Kwame Alston

###Overview
* “The Lenny Interview: Kimberly Drew, Aka @MuseumMammy.” Lenny Letter, November 27, 2015. Click Here

Kimberly Drew is currently “one of the art world's rising new tastemakers” for her efforts to dismantle the old way of thinking about art. The article is actually a transcription of an interview that Drew had with Doreen St. Félix. In the interview Drew talks about the point when she realized that her tumblr that was curating black modern art was actually something monumental. She also talks about the inherent whiteness of the internet using the example that the "__ñ__" is just now become a recognized character on twitter and how people like Mark Zuckerberg wants everyone to have access to the internet yet they aren't setting their sites up in a way that that is plausible. 

* Jepchumba Fakugesi, "Digital Art Residency," Future Lab Africa Podcast, 2015 Click Here

Jepchumba Fakuesi is a Kenyan African Digital Artist. In this podcast with Future Lab she talks about her installation, “Future Selfie Booth” to residency curator Team Bristol. She would greet patrons with “Do you want to travel through time?” to grab their attention. She really attempted to make people slow down their thinking and rethink their concept of the future from a short term future to a long term system. She investigated this notion of “Futurist Thinking.” This booth was also conducted in South Africa. Fakuesi created an installation after she collected multiple interviews that was supposed to be a representation of the circular nature of time. 

###Refelction

The interview with Kimberly Drew was the most eye opening piece for me this week. Lately I have been struggling with the amount of privilege that I grew up with inside of the city of Baltimore. Despite being from a low income family and living in the middle of the "hood" my grandfather still payed for my private school until I was able to test into the best public middle school. I constantly talk about hating America (and fairly talk hating it here), but I do neglect the privileges I have gotten from that such as speaking the English language, my early access to the internet, and the fact that everything on the internet is for the most part shaped to make sure I can understand it and utilize it to its fullest potential. 

###Expand

I am very thankful that I now have Kimberly Drew's tumblr because whenever I wanted to see black contemporary art I used to scroll for days through this tag.
https://www.tumblr.com/tagged/black-art

###Comment 
Turquoise Question 3: I am always afraid of how we will be seen in the future and it's one of my biggest fears. I do not think we are going to leave a white dominated osace anytime soon and the images of us today will be made to look violent and our art work will not be appreciated. I feel like we will be treated like the Black Panthers are in history books. One of the things I alwayss try to do is journal and keep a written record because I want some to find it and have my first hand accounts of our present.

#Questions
1.  What is the ultimate benefit of looking at a long term future when everyone else isn't around you?
2.  What are ways we can curate black art spaces like Kimberly Drew did using bots? Specifically what are the most complicated ones I can create so I can filter through the trash on the internet that is mislabeled?
3.  What does the future of Black Art look like if we are using white spaces to attempt to record it digitally?
